
The Great Wall, a military defense project in ancient China, is a tall, solid and continuous terrace to limit the movement of enemy horsemen. The Great Wall is not a simple isolated city wall, but a defensive system which takes the city wall as the main body and combines with a large number of cities, barriers, pavilions and signs.            
The history of the Great Wall can be traced back to the Western Zhou Dynasty, from which came the famous allusion "the princes of beacon fire opera" which took place in the capital of Chengjing (now Xi'an, Shaanxi Province). During the Spring and Autumn Period and the Warring States Period, countries fought for hegemony and defended each other. The construction of the Great Wall reached its first climax, but at this time the length of the construction was relatively short. After the Qin Dynasty destroyed the six countries and unified the world, Qin Shihuang joined and repaired the Great Wall of the Warring States, which was known as the Great Wall. The Ming Dynasty was the last dynasty to build the Great Wall. Today most of the Great Wall people see is built at this time.      
     
Great Wall resources are mainly distributed in Hebei, Beijing, Tianjin, Shanxi, Shaanxi, Gansu, Inner Mongolia, Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning, Shandong, Henan, Qinghai, Ningxia, Xinjiang and other 15 provinces and municipalities. Among them, Shaanxi Province is the province with the richest resources of the Great Wall in China, with the length of the Great Wall reaching 1838 kilometers. According to the national survey of the Great Wall resources by the Department of cultural relics and surveying and mapping, the total length of the Great Wall of the Ming Dynasty is 8851.8 kilometers, and that of the Qin, Han and early periods is more than 10,000 kilometers, with a total length of more than 21,000 kilometers. 

Badaling Great Wall is located in Yanqing District, more than 70 kilometers away from the urban area. It is the best preserved section of the Great Wall of the Ming Dynasty and the most representative section. This is the outpost of Juyongguan, an important gateway of the Great Wall, with an elevation of 1015 meters. The terrain is dangerous and the city gates are strong. It has always been a must for soldiers. The wall is 7.8 meters high and the top width is 7.8 meters. Boarding the Badaling Great Wall, you can see the far-sighted, ups and downs of the mountains, and the magnificent and vigorous northern mountain situation. The Great Wall is magnificent because of the mountain situation, and the mountain situation is even more steep because of the Great Wall. In 1988, the Badaling Great Wall was listed as a world cultural heritage by the United Nations. One who fails to reach the Great Wall is not a hero. The Great Wall is the only place to experience the extraordinary creativity of the Chinese nation. Located in the Guangou Canyon of Nankou, Changping, there is a famous gateway of the Great Wall, Juyongguan. As early as the ancient Yan State, the "Juyong Fortress" was built, and the city of Guancheng was connected with the Great Wall in the Southern and Northern Dynasties. Since then, several dynasties have set up gates. Now Guancheng was built by General Xu Dadu in the first year of Hongwu Ming Dynasty (1368). The circumference of Guancheng is 4000 meters. It is composed of South and North moon tower, city building, enemy building, government office, temple and other buildings. The surrounding scenery is magnificent. Mountains are rolling and Guancheng is standing up to each other. It's amazing how many days it connects with the sky. 