
The Fengdu Ghost Town has a 2000-year histoty,it can date back to Xizhou Dynasty. Since the Han and Tang dynasties, There is a town on the mountains which are called ghost town. From then on, Fengdu is famous for its mysterious appearance and many famous legends.    
     
Shan Xiaoting: It was named after Pingdu Shanxiao, one of the eight past sceneries in Fengdu. Among the eight sceneries in Fengdu, "Pingdu Shanxiao" is the most famous. In the past, because there were many temples on the mountain, the ancient trees were towering and the sun was shaded, so every morning, the sunshine came down from the top of the mountain, and through the mist and patches on the mountainside, a magnificent view of Pingdu Mountain was sketched. Here, besides taking a nap, visitors can also see Fengdu lying quietly by the river like a sharp knife. Legend has it that when Guan Yu defeated Maicheng, he told his commander Zhou Cang to send the Guan Dao to Chengdu. At that time, because Zhou Cang was suffering from wind and cold, he died of illness when he came to Fengdu. This Guan Dao was left in Fengdu. In order to remember a generation of good generals, ants flocked to and buried the knife in sand, so the land of Fengdu formed a shape of the knife. In order to commemorate Guan Yu, later generations built the county town with the knife.     
       
Ghost Gate Gate: This is the necessary pass to enter the Ghost Country. Whoever comes here must be checked to see if he holds the Ghost State Pass one by one. This is the basis for reporting to Ghost Country after death. Lu Yin is 3 feet long and 2 feet wide. It is printed on yellow soft paper. It is written in the book "For the Emperor of Fengdu Tianyu, it is necessary for Lu Yin and the people of the whole world to receive this quotation so that they can reincarnate into the earth and ascend into the heavens". At the same time, there are three seals on the road guide: "Yinsi City God" and "Fengdu County Government". Anyone who burns it when he dies or cremates will follow his soul to the underground, where he can go unimpeded.   

Tianzidian: It was built from west to East in the Western Jin Dynasty. It has a history of about 1600 years. The existing Tianzidian was rebuilt in the three years of Kangxi in the Qing Dynasty (1864). It has a history of more than 300 years. The whole hall covers an area of 2431 square meters. It consists of archways, mountain gates and halls, which are arranged symmetrically on a central axis. The archway is a triple eaves square with wood and stone structure, about 10 meters high. The Mountain Gate is a heavy eaves Xieshan roof. The bell and drum towers on both sides are all four corners with cusps. The hall is made of brick and wood, the hard Hill roof and the piercing girder frame. This temple is the core part of the ghost city and the oldest, largest and most complete temple in Mingshan.     
       
Four Judges: Appreciation Department, who is in charge of charity, wears a green robe and has a good smile. All the devils who do good in life are arranged by him. They are rewarded according to the degree and extent of their good deeds. In the six reincarnations, or ascend to heaven, or reincarnate as a human being, you only need to drink a bowl of ecstasy tea at Dream Grandma and forget your grievances before you die, then you can eat human fireworks again.                    
        
The Hall of Return for Enlightenment: It was built in the Republic of China and rebuilt in 1984. It covers an area of 234.4. The Hall of Return for Enlightenment and Bodhisattva Mulian is built inside. On both sides are his disciples Min Gong and Min Zhi. Mulian, also known as Muqilian, is one of the ten disciples of Sakyamuni. Legend has it that he has great magic power, can fly to the sky, and is the first line of filial piety. He is highly respected by the world and has incense and fire all the year round.           
Guanyin: It is the first Bodhisattva in the Buddhist kingdom. It is also called Guan Zi, Cihang Master and so on. According to the Fahua Sutra, all those who are distressed and praise Bodhisattvas with all their hearts must be free. As a famous Guan Shiyin, Tang Dynasty Gang avoided Li Shimin's taboo and omitted the word "Shimin", which is called Guan Yin for short. Free translation means that when all living beings suffer, as long as they recite their names, Bodhisattvas will immediately go to the sound of "Guan Shimin" to rescue them. 