
Chongqing jiangfangbei as a symbol of the buildings in chongqing, often appear in all kinds of commodities and place logo. Chongqing jiangfangbei yuzhong district is located in national and civil rights, minister of the three road intersection crossroads, connects tall, the winding stairs 27.5 m can reach top. The building was originally in 1940, March 12 anniversary of the death of Mr. Sun, woodiness structure, low "spiritual fortress. After the victory of the Anti-Japanese War in 1945, entitled "the reconstruction of JiGong victory of the Anti-Japanese War monument". 1950 by liu "chongqing to people's liberation monument". Shopping center is not only the jiangfangbei square of Yangtze river, the western China business gold is the biggest commercial pedestrian mall, shopping, leisure, travel, business, catering, entertainment, and comprehensive functions. In the third central area industrial organization (76), wholesale and retail business covers an area of 5253, Business area of over 5,000 square meters large stores have more than 20, The top of the west of the business enterprise, business center in the jiangfangbei accounted for about five, Hotel (restaurant) more than 10. In 2001, the total sales of jiangbei central commercial 127.2 billion yuan, the breakthrough consumable retail 57.8 realize billion yuan, In 2004, the total sales of jiangfangbei central commercial 184.6 billion yuan, the breakthrough consumable retail 88.6 million yuan; the realization In the west. At the same time, the retail enterprise, top five seats jiangbei occupy, Five of the western listed companies. Jiangfangbei financial securities, insurance, information, catering hotel and leisure entertainment, and modern service industry is developed. More than 340 brands catering outlets, more than 10 hotels, Have more than 70 financial institutions, And telecommunications, information consultation and technology services industry business outlets 300, 25 the world top 500 enterprises in business offices.

