
Chongqing Museum of Science and Technology is one of the ten key projects of social and cultural undertakings infrastructure in Chongqing determined by Chongqing Municipal Party Committee and Municipal Government. It is a directly affiliated institution of Chongqing Association of Science and Technology. It is a modern, comprehensive and multi-functional large-scale popular science education venue for the public. It is also a basic popular science facility for implementing the strategy of "rejuvenating Chongqing through science and education" and improving citizens'scientific and cultural literacy.            
The exterior of Chongqing Science and Technology Museum is made of stone and glass. Exterior wall stones use a variety of color overlap, such as hard rock, metaphorical "mountain"; accounting for 60% of the whole exterior wall, nearly 10,000 square meters of glass curtain wall is clear and transparent, metaphorical "water". The sharp edges and corners of stone and the transparency of glass are just like water, which show the characteristics of Chongqing's "city of mountains and rivers". Chongqing Science and Technology Museum is divided into Area A and Area B. The highest building in Area A is about 57 meters and the lowest is 24 meters. From the aerial view, it looks like a huge "fan-shaped crystal palace" with a magnificent shape. Chongqing Science and Technology Museum takes "Life, Society and Innovation" as its exhibition theme. There are 6 exhibition halls for life science and technology, disaster prevention science and technology, transportation science and technology, national defense science and technology, Aerospace Science and basic science, and 2 exhibition halls for children's science paradise and industrial light. Exhibits cover materials, machinery, transportation, military, aerospace, microelectronics, information and communication, computer applications, virtual simulation technology, life science, environmental science, basic science and ancient Chinese science and technology and many other disciplines. The number of exhibits is more than 400 (sets).            
Chongqing Science and Technology Museum takes "international advanced, domestic first-class and Chongqing characteristics" as its construction goal, and conducts popular science education activities for the public through science and education exhibitions, scientific experiments and scientific and technological training. Chongqing Museum of Science and Technology will continue to improve and expand its functional system construction, making it a "platform for experiencing the charm of science, a palace for inspiring innovative ideas, a window for displaying scientific and technological achievements, and a position for carrying out popular science education". 