
The Three Gorges have showed the magic workings of nature with their marvelous andbeautiful mountains and waters. The grotesque peaks and rocks on the two sides of the ThreeGorges are accounting the great changes taking place in the region in the past billionyears, and the variegated wracks of lives sleeping deep between the rock layers are narratingthe history of the evolvement of lives during the past hundreds of millions of years.How manyvisitors have been attraded here by the charming thou-sand-year-long history of theregion, the great ancient relics of human civilization, and the mysterious folktales!Sandwiched between the mountains on the mid part of the Yangtze River, the ThreeGorges runs across Fengjie and Wushan Mountain in Sichuan Province and Badong, Zigui, andYichang in Hubei Province, extending 193 kilometers tong to include Qutang Gorge, WuxiaGorge, and Xiling Gorge.City of White Emperor in Fengjie is the vital passage of the west partof the Three Gorges. Nanjinguan in Yichang is the important gateway of the east part. Alongthe banks of the Yangtze River, the high peaks rise in emerald verdure overhanging rocks towerinto the clouds, dangerous cliffs seem to reach the sky£¬rocks are jagged andgrotesque,waterfalls are spraying and sparkling, clouds and mists are curling, rapids andtorrents are seething, and fierce waves are deep, serene and exquisite.
Currently the Three Gorges region is most famous for the Three Gorges Dam.The Three gorgesDam is under construction at a place called Sandouping in the middle of the Xiling Gorge. Thedam is not yet complete, but the construction has already cut off the flow of the river, andtherefore the water level in the Qutang, Wuxia, and the western portion of the Xiling gorgeshas already begun to rise. In addition to the impact of the dam on the ecology and people(i.e. the mass relocation of towns and villages)of the region, the dam will also change thescenery of the Three Gorges. Because the water level will be higher, the gorges will be lessnarrow and the mountains will appear lower. Proponents of the dam point out that because themountains reach several thousand feet above the river, the gorges are still likely to offerspectacular views of the surrounding cliffs, and it should be noted that most riverboatcompanies that operate in the three Gorges intend to continue to offer tours of the region.The increase in width of the Gorges will also allow larger ships through the gorges and it isanticipated that river traffic of all kinds will increase.
From east to west, it measures 8kilometers, starting from Baidicheng and ending atDaixi township. With vertical cliffs of some thousandmeters high as its two flanks£¬the Qutang gorge isonly a few dozens of meters wide just like a narrowgateway. With swash and rumble, the surging Yangtze River pours into the gateway with greatmomentum. Looking up towards the tops of towering precipitous mountains along theGorge, one sees from a boat only a narrow strip of clouds and sky, but under foot the Rivertears on violently. Qutang Gorge is outstanding for its grandeur and magnificence.
It extends 40 kilometers from the mouth of Daning River of Wushan Mountain in the west toGuandukou of Badong in the east. The Wuxia Gorge is gifted with exquisite peaks and lushmountains and ranges. It's deep and serene with changeable weather.The rolling river twistsand turns and boats zigzag their way along, as if cruising in a fantastic gallery. The twelvepeaks of Wushan Mountain all rise to the blue sky.They are endowed with various fascinatingshapes.Among them, the most fabulous is the Peak of Goddess. It pierces through theheaven, and towers over the Yangtze River. A protruding rock of the Peak has the shape of aslim girl shrouded in clouds and mist faintly visible as if clad in fine gauze dress, lookingattractive and exuding tenderness and love.
It measures 75 kilometers from Xiangxikou to Nanjinguan.The whole Gorge area is covered withhigh mountains, gullies, dangerous shoals and hidden reefs of various sizes. The best-knownperilous shoal is Qing Shoal.It's formed by collapsed craggy cliffs. Surging waves and rapidcurrents churn over the shoal embedded with rocks and stones here and there, and thendrop two meters in elevation. Ships go downstream over the shoal at an arrow speed, but upthe shoal is as difficult as climbing a steep hill.