
Fairy Mountain National Forest Park is the top ten tourist attractions in Chongqing, the state AAAAA level scenic areas, land is Wuling, in Wulong County, Chongqing Wujiang City, North Shore, convenient transportation, Yu Fu highway, highway linking Wulong Wu Fu, whole 180 kilometers of new high-speed built Yuxiang, south by the pillar of Chongqing, channels Nanchuan, direct Wulong, full speed 139km, from Chongqing city driving 1 hour and half to reach the Wulong County. Fairy Mountain National Forest Park has a total area of ??8910 hectares, with an average altitude of 1900 meters, the highest peak 2033 meters south of its charming alpine grasslands, tropical rare Snowy Forest, Green Bi Ye secluded jungle landscape and beautiful as the "Eastern Switzerland", her magical Furong, Furong River beautiful, the world's largest group of geological wonders Tianshengqiao, Winbond classic elegant hotel (4 star) the best combination of Chongqing tourism resort. Lin, Qi, grassland, snow known as the four no. Dengfeng Fairy Mountain overlooking the original landscape, but without losing the flat rolling; boundless forests, verdant, Greenfield bursts; set in the vast grassland between the mountains, the sky stretches, picturesque, gives a feminine and masculine economic phase of the harmonious beauty. Peaks, valleys, forests and grasslands seamless, pavilions, landscape structured to form a male, Jun, show, strange, wide geological landscape features. Fairy Hill
Known as the "Eastern Switzerland", "mountain Summer Palace," said the fairy mountain beautiful vast, beautiful and breathtaking. Eyeful of the fields are green, blossoming flowers, nest pro-ball group, like a beautiful carpet shop, standing in 33 acres of forest and 10 acres of natural grassland to form a giant "oxygen bar" in the coolness infiltrated the skin , deeply suck to fresh grasslands. Horse riding, archery, kite flying, karting, off-road vehicles, paragliding, grass skiing ... ... constitute the vast grasslands of the beating rhythm of life. With the festive atmosphere, melodious voice, delicious lamb, the body has melted in the rolling prairie dreams. Fairy Mountain National Forest Park has a total area of ??8910 hectares, with an average altitude of 1900 meters, the highest peak 2033 meters south of its charming alpine grasslands, tropical rare Snowy Forest, Green Bi Ye secluded jungle landscape and beautiful as the "Eastern Switzerland", her magical Furong, Furong River beautiful, the world's largest group of geological wonders Tianshengqiao, classic elegant hotel portfolio of Chongqing Winbond best tourist resorts. Fairy snow-capped mountains in winter, silver yarn wrapped makeup, prairie skiing, snow, snow, lamb, wine Rinpu, interest proudly; humid climate in summer garden, boundless forests, the wind blowing, cool, leisure, vacation, the perfect summer place. Alpine grasslands are the most pride tour of the landscape, the scenery is charming glamorous as the majority of tourists with Western-style garden, animal husbandry, "pasture Park" and "the first southern pastures."