
The Big Wild Goose Pagoda is located in Cien Temple, 4 kilometers outside the Peace Gate. It is said that it was in Yonghui for three years in Tang Dynasty. Master Xuanzang who went to India to learn Buddhist scriptures. Please build a pagoda inside the temple to store the Scriptures he brought back from India. This tower was originally named Jingta. Later generations called it the Big Wild Goose Pagoda, which is tall and tall, arousing the admiration of the world.            

This Wild Goose Pagoda with a history of more than 1,300 years has become a unique symbol of the ancient city of Xi'an. When the Big Wild Goose Pagoda was first built, it was only five stories high and 60 meters high. It was built in the form of a Buddhist Pagoda in the Western Regions. After many repairs, the tower is 64 meters high, with 7 stories and 25 meters long at the bottom. The Big Wild Goose Pagoda is an excellent model of Chinese Pavilion brick pagoda. The body of the tower is made of green bricks, with coupon arches on all sides of each floor. The Pavilion brick tower is simple in shape, magnificent in momentum, with remarkable national characteristics and contemporary style. As for the Yan Pagoda, the word "big" was used to distinguish it from the Xiao Yan Pagoda in Jianfu Temple.            

There are wooden ladders inside the tower. They can circle and climb the tower. They can overlook from a distance and enjoy the beautiful scenery of Guanzhong. On both sides of the south gate at the bottom of the Dayan Pagoda are two stone tablets and a "preface to the Three Tibetan Saints of the Great Tang Dynasty", which is the preface of the Confucian Classics Translated by Emperor Taizong in Zhenguan 22 (648). Another "Preface to the Sacred Religion of the Three Tibets in the Great Tang Dynasty" is Tang Gaozong's chronicle for "Preface to the Sacred Religion", and these two tablets are important cultural relics for the study of calligraphy, painting and sculpture in the Tang Dynasty. Especially the line carved palace maps on the lintel of the West Stone Gate of the tower are precious materials for studying the architecture of the Tang Dynasty. 