
Tang Paradise, located on the side of the Big Wild Goose Pagoda in the ancient capital of Xi'an, is the first large-scale imperial garden-style cultural theme park in China to fully display the style and features of the flourishing Tang Dynasty. As early as in history, Furong Garden is a long-standing imperial garden. Today's Furong Garden of the Tang Dynasty was built on the site of the former Furong Garden of the Tang Dynasty. It demonstrates the splendid civilization of the flourishing Tang Dynasty with the background of "going into history, feeling humanities and experiencing life".            

Located in Qujiang New District of Xi'an City, Shaanxi Province, Furong Garden in the Tang Dynasty covers an area of 1000 mu, of which 300 mu is water surface and a total investment of 1.3 billion yuan. It is the largest cultural theme park in Northwest China. It was built to the north of Furong Garden site in the former Tang Dynasty and is the first large-scale Royal garden-style cultural theme park in China to fully display the features of the flourishing Tang Dynas The Furong Garden of the Tang Dynasty has set a number of records, with the largest water performance in the world. It is the first "five senses" (i.e. vision, hearing, smell, touch and taste) theme park. It has the largest outdoor fragrance project in the world. It is the largest imperial building complex imitating the Tang Dynasty in China, focusing on the achievements of National gardens and architectural arts.           

 As early as in history, Furong Garden was a well-known imperial court. Emperor Wendi of the Sui Dynasty opened it for three years (AD 583) and built the "Furong Garden" here. Today's Furong Garden of the Great Tang Dynasty is built on the site of the former Furong Garden of the Tang Dynasty. Its total building area is nearly 100,000 square meters. Pavilions, terraces, pavilions, pavilions, bridges and corridors are all available. The landscape is divided into twelve cultural themes, which represent the splendid civilization of the flourishing Tang Dynasty from the aspects of emperor, poetry, folk, diet, women, tea culture, religion, science and technology, diplomacy, imperial examinations, singing and dancing, gate characteristics and so on. The pavilions and pavilions, carved beams and painted buildings in the garden include Ziyun Tower, Ladies'Hall, Royal Banquet Palace, Fanglin Garden, Fengming Nine-day Theatre, Apricot Garden, Lu Yu Tea Club, Tang City and many other scenic spots. 