
Huashan, known as "Xiyue" in ancient times, is one of the five famous mountains in China. It is located in Huayin City, Weinan City, 120 kilometers east of Xi'an, Shaanxi Province. It faces the plain of the Weihe River and the roaring Huanghe River in the north, and the Qinling Mountains in the south. It is a granite mountain on the north side of the watershed of the Qinling Branch. With the changing dress of nature, Huashan's various forms are vividly depicted, known as "the first mountain in the world under strange and dangerous conditions". Its historical evolution can be traced back to 120 million years ago, according to the Book of Mountains and Seas: "Taihua Mountain, cut into four directions, its height is 5000, its width is ten miles."            
Huashan is known as Mount Tai of Xiyue and Dongyue. It was first seen in Erya Shishan. Xiyue is said to be "Xiyue" because King Zhou Ping moved his capital to Luoyang and Mount Hua was west of Tokyo in the Eastern Zhou Dynasty. Later, the capital of the Qin Dynasty, Xianyang, and the capital of the Western Han Dynasty, Chang'an, were all in the west of Huashan, so Huashan was no longer called "Xiyue". Until Liu Xiu, Emperor Guangwu of the Han Dynasty, established the regime of the Eastern Han Dynasty in Luoyang, Huashan was restored to the name of "Xiyue" and has been in use ever since.            

Huashan attracts numerous visitors with its steepness. The view, courtyard, pavilion, Pavilion and pavilion on the mountain are all built according to the situation of the mountain. The flying confrontation on the mountain is just like the castle in the air, and the ancient pine matches each other, which is unique. Beautiful peaks, but also different images, such as Han Xiangzi cattle driving, Golden Toad play turtle, White Snake suffering... The murmuring water of the Valley Road and the waterfall of the water curtain of the mountain streams are all the more interesting. And Huashan also stands tall and lofty in the Weihe Plain. Eastern, southern and Western peaks rose from the ground, such as a knife cut once. Tang Dynasty poet Zhang Qiao wrote in his poems: "Who will be based on the Tianjian, cut off the Tianfeng. "They are all aimed at Huashan's uprightness. The Weihe Plain under the foothills of Huashan Mountain is only 330-400 meters above sea level, while Huashan Mountain is 2154.96 meters above sea level, with a height difference of more than 1700 meters. The mountain is very majestic, which shows its upright.            

At present, there are five peaks in Huashan: east, west, south, north and middle. The main peaks are "falling goose" in the south, "sunrise" in the east, and "lotus flower" in the west. The three peaks stand side by side, and "flying white clouds are reflected in the Yellow River" is known as "three peaks outside the sky". There are Yuntai, Yunu two peaks complement each other, 36 small peaks listed in front of the Dragon plate, meteorological Sensensen, because of the changeable climate on the mountain, the formation of "Yunhua Mountain", "Yuhua Mountain", "Wuhua Mountain", "Xuehua Mountain" gives people a sense of fairyland beauty. It is the so-called King Qi of Xijing. 