
The city wall of Xi'an is located in the central area of Xi'an, which is rectangular, including a series of military facilities, such as moat, suspension bridge, gate, arrow tower, main building, corner building, enemy building, parapet wall and stack. It constitutes a rigorous and complete urban defense system in the cold weapon era.            
The city wall of Xi'an was built between three and eleven years of Hongwu in Ming Dynasty (A.D. 1370-1378). It was expanded and formed on the basis of the imperial city wall of Sui and Tang Dynasties in the 6th century A.D. The wall of the Ming Dynasty is rectangular, with a circumference of about 13.79 kilometers, a height of 12 meters, a top width of 12 to 14 meters, and a bottom width of 15 to 18 meters. The main wall is loess, with a little lime, fine sand, wheat straw, and water mixing, layered tamping. Over the city wall, there is a flat and wide enemy platform with a protruding wall every 120 meters and an enemy building on the platform. There are 98 enemy buildings in the whole city. The distances between piers and abutments are comparable. Each two enemy units can form a favorable firepower pinch point, thus effectively shooting the enemy climbing the city wall in wartime. The outer edge of the top of the wall is built with a 2-meter-high stacking wall, on which there are 5 984 stacks, which can not only shoot arrows and look, but also effectively avoid enemy arrows. A half-tall parapet with no stacks was built on the top of the wall. Its function was to prevent the soldiers and their baggage from falling when they were moving around the wall. Every corner of the wall has a corner platform protruding from the outside of the city. Except that the southwest corner is round, which may keep the Tang Emperor's corner as it is, the others are square. Build a corner building at each corner.            

Outside the wall there is a moat (moat) which surrounds the wall. The moat is more than 30 meters wide and 12-15 meters deep. Within the wall, there are 6 metres wide road and 6 slopes, which make it convenient for the garrison to move up to the city.            

There were only four gates in the wall of Ming Dynasty, Changle Gate in the east, Anding Gate in the west, Yongning Gate in the South and Anyuan Gate in the north. Each gate consists of five parts: suspension bridge, gate building, arrow tower, urn city and main building. The suspension bridge is located on the moat. It is laid down during the day to facilitate access. It is lifted at night to cut off traffic. The gate building is in the suspension bridge, and alerts when enemy situation occurs; the arrow building is 30 meters high and 53 meters wide, with four arrow windows on the front, 12 holes on each floor, three layers on each side, and three holes on each side. Wengcheng is a closed space between the arrow tower and the main building. The wall of Wengcheng is 15 meters high and covers an area of nearly 10,000 square meters. Once foreign enemies invade Wengcheng, the garrison stands high and attacks from all sides, such as "catching turtles in the urn". The main building in the innermost part is the real city gate. It is 33 meters high and divided into two floors. It is 40 meters long and 17 meters wide. These five parts constitute five lines of defence.           

 With the development of the city, on the basis of the four gates of the Ming City Wall, Chaoyang Gate, Zhongshan Gate, Peace Gate, Suzakumen Gate, Xiaonan Gate, Hanguang Gate, Yuxiangmen Gate, Xiaobeimen Gate, Shangde Gate and Jianguomen Gate were added successively. 