
Heihe Forest Park is located in the headwaters of Heihe River and Zhouzhi County. 108 National Highway runs through it, and the traffic is very convenient. The Park covers 4941 hectares and 95% of the forest. It has three scenic spots and more than 100 scenic spots. The park has dense forests, exotic peaks, rugged rocks and painted landscapes. Rare animals such as giant pandas, golden monkeys, antelopes and ancient trestle roads, Diaoyutai, and other historical and cultural footprints are common. Spring is full of flowers, summer is shaded, autumn is full of red leaves, winter is covered with snow, known as the northern Shangri-La.            

The magnificent scenery and primitive natural scenery of Heihe Forest Park have attracted the special attention of the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF). The organization has introduced the most popular international concept of eco-tourism, and jointly built a harmonious unity of ecological protection and sustainable development with the park to create a demonstration eco-tourism area in Shaanxi Province.            

Heihe Forest Park in Shaanxi Province is 80 kilometers away from Xi'an, covering an area of 4941 hectares, with a forest coverage rate of 95%. There are more than 100 scenic spots in the park, including the headwaters of Heihe River, the magnificent scenery of primitive forest in southern Taibai Mountains, the ruins of ancient trestle road and the humanistic landscape left by many ancient celebrities, as well as the breeding habitats and protection passages of the world's rare animals, giant pandas and golden monkeys, which make visitors delightful and lingering.            

The magnificent scenery and primitive natural scenery of Heihe Forest Park in Shaanxi have attracted special attention of WWF. Together with forest parks, the organization has carried out the project of ecological protection and tourism development of Qinling Mountains in the southern Taibai Mountains, the source of Heihe River, introduced the most popular concept of eco-tourism in the world, realized the harmony between natural protection and sustainable development, established a wildlife patrol system, built Panda Villa, and devoted itself to the development of eco-tourism. 