
The Museum of Terracotta Warriors and Horses of Qin Shihuang, also known as Terracotta Warriors and Horses of Qin Dynasty, is the accompanying burial pit of the Mausoleum of Qin Shihuang. It is the same scenic spot as the Museum of Qin Shihuang Mausoleum and adopts a one-vote system.            

The Terracotta Warriors and Horses of Qin Shihuang are known as the eighth wonder of the world. More than 1,000 terracotta warriors unearthed here have different images and vivid expressions. They are a pearl in the history of ancient Chinese sculpture art and are known as "the eighth wonder of the world" and "one of the great discoveries in the history of Archaeology in the twentieth century". 
           
historical background     
       
Qin Shihuang's vassal government began to build the cemetery when he came to power at the age of 13. Nearly 720,000 people were used before and after the cemetery. The construction lasted for 38 years and the project was huge. The cemetery was not completed until the death of Qin Shihuang, and it was completed more than one year after the construction of Huhai, the second emperor of Qin Dynasty.            

According to rumors, Qin Shihuang spent countless manpower, material and financial resources to build a palace for himself, and the terracotta warriors and horses were the guardians of the palace.      
      
Terracotta Warriors and Horses of Qin Dynasty are the typical examples of terracotta warriors being buried on behalf of people, and also the peak of being buried on behalf of people by terracotta warriors. In addition to the wisdom of craftsmen, the Terracotta Warriors of Qin Dynasty reached such a high level in scale and realism, which was inseparable from the will of the first feudal emperor in history. The terracotta warriors of Qin Dynasty imitate objects strictly, with the nature and characteristics of portrait sketch, and are superior in scale and momentum. This is also one of the reasons why the terracotta warriors are amazing.