
Jinhua Shuanglong Cave is about 8 kilometers away from Jinhua City. It is situated on the south slope of Beishan Mountain at an altitude of 350-450 meters. Besides the bottom Shuanglong Cave, there are also the middle curling cave and the highest Chaozhen Cave. Shuanglong Cave is divided into two holes, inside and outside. The outside cave is tall and bright. It is over 66 meters high, 33 meters long and 33 meters deep, with an area of more than 1200 square meters. There are rows of stone tables and chairs in the cave, which can accommodate thousands of people to enjoy tea for summer.            

Shuanglong Cave is located in the center of Shuanglong Cave Scenic Area, a key national scenic spot, the first batch of national AAAA scenic spots and national forest parks. It is the core landscape and symbol of the whole Shuanglong Scenic Area, and has been a natural scenic spot for more than 1600 years. At 520 meters above sea level, it is composed of inner cave, outer cave and ear cave. The entrance of the cave is magnificent. The stalactites hanging on both sides resemble faucets, so it is called "Shuanglong Cave". The outer cave is spacious with an area of 1200 square meters and can accommodate thousands of people. Perennial tunnel temperature is about 15 C, warm in winter and cool in summer. So far in the hot summer, I feel "sweat like rain on the mountain, and people are cool all over the cave". The word "Shuanglongdong" on the west wall of Dongkou is based on the handwriting of the Tang Dynasty; the word "Dongtian" on the east wall is Wu Lin's calligraphy in the Song Dynasty; and the five words "36 Dongtian" are the handwriting of the elder and the modern outstanding calligrapher Yu Youren. If the inner cave of Shuanglong is the "Dragon Palace", then the outer cave is like the "Dragon Hall". Among them, there is a "stone waterfall" hanging in the West Hall. It is said that Lu Dongbin, one of the eight immortals, was once invisible here. Forward are "Camel Head Up", "Stone Frog Peep Cave", "Lion Step", "Golden Harrier Spread Wings" and other landscapes. The inside and outside caves are separated by huge screen stones, which only lead to waterways, more than 10 meters long and more than 3 meters wide. The most distinctive feature of Shuanglong Cave is the separation and connection between the inside and outside caves. Ancient poetry says that "there are holes in the cave and springs in the cave, and you want to find springs in the boat." If you want to watch, you can only lie in a boat, and climb against the water on your back. "A thousand-foot crossbeam is low, and the boat is lying on your back to the stream." You can't raise your head slightly. It's amazing and interesting. It's one of the most excellent ways of sightseeing, and it has the reputation of "Wonderful Water and Stone". The inner cave is slightly larger than the outer cave. There are many stalactites and stalagmites in the cave. There are dragon claws and dragon tails echoing the outside faucets. Their shapes are unique and their layout is ingenious. There are such landscapes as "Huanglong spitting water", "inverted bats", "clouds covering the moon", "Tianma hanging sky", "turtle exploring sea", "turtle and snake symbiosis", "frog stealing immortal grass", "longevity star and fairy peach". They are illusory and changeable. It's like being in the Crystal Dragon Palace. .