
Located in the west of Hangzhou City, the West Lake is 3.3 kilometers long in North and south, 2.8 kilometers wide in East and west. It covers a total area of 5.6 square kilometers. The lake is surrounded by about 15 kilometers a week. The Sudi and Baidi divide the lake into five parts: Outer Lake, Li Lake, Yuehu Lake, Xili Lake and Xiaonan Lake.            

The West Lake is a scenic spot with beautiful scenery and charming scenery since ancient times. "Hangzhou is the best of the 36 West Lake under heaven."            

The West Lake is surrounded by mountains on three sides. In Qin Dynasty, the West Lake was still a bay, with Gemstone mountains on the north and Wushan mountains on the south. Tides brought a great deal of sediment and accumulated over time until the Sui Dynasty, when the West Lake was separated from the sea. This Lake evolved from the ancient shallow sea is called "lagoon" in geology.            

West Lake has a beautiful scenery, and many literati and poets have chanted it. Song Liuyong's poem "Looking at the Sea Tide" describes Hangzhou: "Southeastern Sheng, Sanwu City, Qiantang prosperous since ancient times, Yanliu Painting Bridge, curtain green curtain, with a gap of 100,000 people." "Qingjia is offered over and over again in Chonghu Lake. There are three autumn osmanthus seeds and ten miles lotus flowers." Visible Song Dynasty West Lake grand occasion.            
The painters Ma Yuan and Chen Qingbo in the Southern Song Dynasty Painting Academy painted many landscape paintings of the West Lake. The title of these landscape paintings is the origin of the ten sceneries of the West Lake. Emperor Kangxi of the Qing Dynasty visited the South with ten sceneries, and the stone tablet became a famous place, which has been used up to now. Ten scenes are: Sudi Spring Dawn, Pinghu Autumn Moon, Liulang Wenying, Huagang Fish Watching, Double Peak Cloud Cutting, Santan Yinyue, Nanping Evening Bell, Leifeng Sunset, Quyuan Wind Load, Broken Bridge Snow.            

In recent years, with the development of tourism and the renovation of scenic spots, in 1985, the new ten sceneries of West Lake were selected: Tiger Running Mengquan, Longjing Questioning Tea, Yunqi Bamboo Diameter, Manlong Guiyu, Jiuxi Yanshu, Wushan Tianfeng, Yuhuang Feiyun, gemstone revealing, Ruan Dun Huanbi, Huanglong Tucui. The title of the new and old ten sceneries fills the West Lake with poetry and painting.            

West Lake has flowers all the time. The scenery of the four seasons is different, and the morning and evening are different, which makes people linger and forget to return.            

Hangzhou West Lake is now known around the world as Switzerland in the East.