
Lingyin Temple is located at the foot of Lingyin Mountain of West Lake in Hangzhou, near Feilai Peak in the west of West Lake, not far from West Lake. Lingyin Temple, also known as "Yunlin Zen Temple", was founded in the Eastern Jin Dynasty (AD 326), and has a history of more than 1600 years. It is one of the ten Buddhist temples in China. At that time, Huili, an Indian monk, came to Hangzhou and saw the wonderful peaks here. He thought it was "hidden by fairies". He built a temple here and named it Lingyin. Later, Jigong became a monk here, and Lingyin Temple became famous for its well-known game stories. During the Wu and Yue Dynasties, Lingyin Temple was expanded twice and built into a large temple of nine floors, eighteen pavilions and seventy-two palaces, with more than 1300 houses and 3000 monks.            

At the front of Lingyin Temple is the Temple of Heavenly Kings. The plaque of "Yunlin Zen Temple" hangs on it. It is the handwriting of Kangxi in Qing Dynasty. In the niche in the middle of the hall sat the statue of Maitreya Buddha with bare chest and abdomen. In the niche on the back wall of Maitreya Buddha, Weiqi Bodhisattva, with a solemn manner and a devil's loquat in hand, is carved from a single camphor wood and is a relic of the Southern Song Dynasty. The Daxiong Palace of Lingyin Temple is a single-storey, double-eaves and Triassic building with a height of 33.6 meters. In addition, the wooden statue of Sakya, which was reconstructed at the end of the Qing Dynasty, was 24.8 meters tall and shining with golden light. It was full of the style of realistic sculpture in the Song Dynasty. In addition, there were twelve circles of consciousness and twenty heavenly Buddhas.            

After comprehensive renovation in 1954, it was replaced by permanent reinforced concrete buildings. The hall is large and magnificent. The statue of Sakyamuni Buddha in the middle of the hall is 19.6 meters high. It is based on the famous sculptures of Zen in the Tang Dynasty and is carved from 24 camphor wood. The buildings and sculpture arts of Lingyin Temple, such as palaces, pavilions, scriptures, stone pagodas and Buddhist statues, are of great value to the study of Buddhist history, architectural art history and sculpture art history in China, and are precious cultural relics of the motherland.            

Now Lingyin Temple gardens, in addition to the temple hall front hall there are still some rockeries, ancient trees, mainly in front of the temple along the Qingxi River, winding paths between mountains and springs, bridges flying across. In front of the Mountain Gate of the temple, there are cold spring pavilion, Gulei Pavilion and Cuiwei pavilion. Bai Juyi, a poet of Tang Dynasty, wrote Cold Spring Pavilion to describe the scenery here. 